# In this project the business is conducting multiple tests to see which layout of items on their website produces the most views and sales. I take their dataset with multiple tables and determine which strategy is best using AB testing.  This dataset has already been cleaned so this project focuses soley on the anaylsis portion of data analysis. 

In order to get the data for my AB test I had to use subqueries, joins, a where clause, a group by, aggregate functions and case expressions.  I also created a new 30 day binary column in my query to differentiate orders that were completed within 30 days of the test.  Once I wrote my query I then took my results and plugged them into an online AB testing calculator.  My baseline had 24441 trials and 399 orders within 30 days of the test.  My test group had 22749 trials and 381 orders within 30 days of the test.  This resulted in a lift of 2.6% and p-value of 0.72.  Since the p value was 0.88 we fail to reject the null hypothesis and conclude there's not enough evidence to suggest that the test improved orders within 30 days.

Next I wanted to see if the test improved the amount of views items got so I began writing another query similar to the first one except I had to join new tables, select new data, and create a new binary column in my query, which differentiated the amount of views an item got within 30 days of the test.  Again I plugged in my new data to the same online AB testing calculator.  My baseline had 135332 trials and 1916 item views within 30 days of the test.  My test group had 127454 trials and 1862 item views within 30 days of the test.  This resulted in a lift of 3.2% and a p-value of 0.33. Since the p-value was 0.33 we fail to reject the null hypothesis and conclude there's not enough evidence to suggest the test improved item views within 30 days.
